docs: add configure-dns-service post (#670)
devopness/devopness: docs/applications/add-ssl-certificate.md

    quickstart:
    previous:
    next:

>       - /docs/applications/configure-dns-service

Reviewer: In this topic a note could be added mentioning that before issuing an SSL certificate a DNS record must be configured pointing to the server on which the application is hosted.

We're not documenting how to manage DNS records. We are documenting how to issue SSL certificates and having a valid DNS record is a requirement - for now.

Author: Noted, will make changes to the PR

Author: Note added, could you review @jfoliveira ?

    featured:
---

> Before issuing an Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate, a valid Domain Name System (DNS) record must be pointing to the server on which the application is deployed, so the SSL Certificate can be issued and validated for the configured application web domain.

Reviewer: Not sure if really needed, but perhaps an example would be helpful here.
Please have a look and see if it makes sense to you:

```suggestion
Before an SSL certificate can be issued, a valid DNS record must point to the server on which the application is deployed, so the SSL Certificate can be issued and validated for the configured application web domain. For example, if your application is publicly accessible through the domain `my-application.example.com` the subdomain `my-application` on the domain `example.com` must be configured to point to your server IP address.
```

Author: Agreed

<details open>
  <summary>Steps to configure a DNS record pointing to your servers:</summary>

> 1. Copy the IP Address from the server where the application is running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the IP Address of the server where the application is running
```

    featured:
---

> Before issuing an SSL certificate, a valid DNS record pointing to the server is required. If you don't have one configured already, please follow the [Find Server IP Address](/docs/servers/find-server-ip-address) guide and configure a DNS record on your DNS service before continuing to follow this guide.

Reviewer: Incomplete text for you to re-consider the tone and approach, please fine tune it before applying suggestion:

```suggestion
Before issuing an SSL certificate, a valid DNS record must be pointing to the server on which the application is deployed, so the SSL Certificated can be issued and validated for the configured application web domain. 
To configure a DNS record pointing to your servers:
1. [Find the IP Address of the server](/docs/servers/find-server-ip-address) where the application is running
3. Use a DNS service to configure a DNS record for your application domain
  1. If you don't have your own domains configured with a DNS service, you can use free services such as [FreeDNS](https://freedns.afraid.org/) or hire paid managed DNS services such as  AWS Route53 <make it a link ro route53>, Cloudflare <to do link here>, or any [notable managed DNS service provider](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_managed_DNS_providers) that suits your needs.
2. Follow the specific instructions on your chosen DNS service
3. Make your sure your DNS record is pointing to your Devopness managed server
  > This can be verified using a DNS propagation checker such as [whatsmydns](https://www.whatsmydns.net/)
...

Once you have your application DNS record correctly pointing to the IP address of your Devopness managed server, please follow the instructions below to issue a SSL Certificate to your application:
```

Author: Understood, I'll review the post and make changes.

Updated version coming soon

Author: Post updated, 2 notes:

1. Added a details section to enable hiding steps to configure a DNS record, but still leaving the open state as default
2. The styling of the summary was added artificially and would need an update on the CSS to look and feel like this

![image](https://github.com/devopness/devopness/assets/33532177/fd15e14b-03e9-419a-94ea-17cbf419288f)
